docs 📝 : add the take issue workflow [19006] (#19027)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: README.md

See [Contributions Welcome](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/issues/17502) for good first issues.

See [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution details. Thank you!
## Take the issue

> If you want to take one issue, feel free to use `.take` in the issue comment   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to be assigned to an issue please add a comment with `.take` command.  
```
